if you just got your D brand galaxy s6
skin relax this is going to be easy
first wipe your device free of dust and
fingerprints for optimal results ensure
you are under bright lighting note that
your D brand skin comes with three
pieces front back and camera you will
require a hairdryer for this
installation so pause the video now and
go grab one welcome back let's begin
with the back piece remove the skin from
the 3m paper and reattach as shown be
careful not to stick the back skin on
top of the camera cut out a line around
the camera flash and top border once
aligned properly apply pressure to the
exposed portion next remove the 3m paper
reattach as shown and turn the phone
upside down align the bottom half of the
skin by making slight horizontal
adjustments once it's in the correct
position apply pressure to secure it in
place
you may now remove the 3m paper entirely
and apply pressure to the back surface
next we're going to smooth down the
sharp edges as you can see here the
perimeter of the glass on your s6 has a
very slight curve to it in order for the
skin to feel smooth around the border it
has to wrap around that curve properly
grab your hairdryer and heat up the
border of the skin for 10 to 20 seconds
press down firmly around the edge of the
skin
next comes the important part use your
fingernail to file down the left and
right edges of the skin a downward
motion works best as shown you'll have
to do this quite a few times but the
result will be a skin which feels smooth
is
finally let's install the camera skin by
using a desert eagle up next is the
front piece remove the skin from the 3m
paper and reattach as shown note that
the corner of the skin is already folded
this is normal align the skin around the
earpiece and top border once lined up
properly apply firm pressure to the
exposed portion next remove the 3m paper
reattach as shown and turn the phone
upside down align the bottom half of the
skin around the home button you may have
to make slight horizontal adjustments to
get a proper fit once lined up properly
apply firm pressure to the exposed
portion and remove the 3m paper
smooth out the full surface ensuring to
apply extra pressure around the border
next we're going to smooth down the
sharp edges as you can see here the
perimeter of the glass on your s6 has a
very slight curve to it in order for the
skin to feel smooth around the border it
has to wrap around that curve properly
grab your hairdryer and heat up the
border of the skin for 10 to 20 seconds
press down firmly around the edge of the
skin next comes the important part use
your fingernail to file down the left
and right edges of the skin a downward
motion works best as shown
you'll have to do this quite a few times
but the result will be a skin which
feels smooth is you may now remove the
screen cut out entirely by pulling it up
from the folded corner apply the home
button skin using a desert eagle done if
you have any questions you know how to
reach us